# SNHU-CS-340-REPO

### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

    Something that I learned really early on in an internship a few years back was that reducing the amount of hardcoded values within my code goes a long way in enhancing my code's maintainability and adaptabilty. By keeping potential use cases in mind, it becomes apparent where hardcoding these values becomes a waste of time down the line when you need to go back and modify individual lines or values. I try to promote readability in my work by following a consistent style in both the code and the comments. Ensuring consistency is the key here, because even when a style is sub-optimal readability can be preserved through consistency. The work included here promotes this methodology in most ways; however there are a few instances where I did choose to go against what I stated earlier due to some parts of the program not wanting to play nice. Since the end of this project, I have actually expanded my CRUD module for personal use on my NBA statistical analysis project which will one day be uploaded here when ready. 
    
### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? 

    Our role as computer scientists is to approach a program as efficiently and as thoroughly as possible. While efficiency should never take the form of recklessness, using the work that you or others have put in is a core aspect of modern development. With this and the design principles previously stated in mind, I decided to approach these tasks with the explicit goal of being able to use my work here for future projects. This obviously differed from previous works within this class as they were mostly self-contained exercises that I used to build up my familiarity with both Mongo and PyMongo.
    
### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

    Computer scientists enable businesses, both large and small, to extend their capabilities far beyond what they would otherwise be able to do. Any sort of time consuming task that can be automated (e.g. client or customer management) saves the company time and money. 
